Congratulations. You have reached the end of
the Microsoft Excel fundamentals course, you are now ready to complete the honors
hands on practice using Microsoft Excel. This is an optional honors
assignment you can complete for special recognition in the course. It is not required to complete this
assignment to get a course certificate. But if you complete all assignments and,
of course, your course certificate will include
a special honors recognition. If you don't get a course certificate, your accomplishments page will show
that you completed a course with honors. By working through the lessons in this
course, you have learned the necessary skills and techniques to work
efficiently with spreadsheets in Excel. This assignment will give you
the opportunity to demonstrate all of the spreadsheet skills
that you've developed and apply them in a practical way by analyzing
and presenting data in Microsoft Excel. The project consists of two tasks. For your first task, you will work with
a work book that lists the total sales for every branch of West Cal publishing. You have been asked to
analyze the data and prepared to present it to
senior management using Excel. This task will give you a chance to bring
together some of the skills you have learned in Excel that might be
useful to progress your career. You can demonstrate that you are confident
working with formulas and functions and modifying worksheets. You can show that you are comfortable
printing workbook contents and managing workbooks. Finally, you can show your range of skills
by analyzing data using functions and visualizing data with charts. These are all skills that you have
used before in this course, but this time you will apply them
all to a single document. In your second task, you need to review
a spreadsheet submitted by a colleague. As a reviewer, you'll provide constructive
feedback and comments on the spreadsheet. The focus of your feedback is on how
the data was analyzed and prepared for presentation to senior management. You will get detailed guidance on how
to do this and what to look out for. And that's it. Once you have completed the task
in this project, you will have successfully concluded the course working
smarter with Microsoft Excel, well done. That's a considerable achievement. Happy spread sheeting and
good luck with your assignment.